README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="https://github.com/Hyro-Blobs/blobs/blob/main/base/hyro_blob-upscaled.png?raw=true" alt="hyro blob upscaled" width="256">
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Version of <a href="https://github.com/xHyroM" target="_blank">Hyro's</a> profile pictures, different hats or items in mouth.</h4>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/kFPKmEKeMS/" alt="Discord">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1046534628577640528?label=discord&style=for-the-badge&color=2fbfc4"/>
    </a>
</p>

## Setup

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/Hyro-Blobs/blobs.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd blobs`

## Contributing

To contribute to this project, please follow the [standard Git workflow](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Getting-a-Git-Repository#The-Standard-Git-Workflow).

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git checkout -b new-cool-blob`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am "Add new cool blob"`
4. Push the branch: `git push origin new-cool-blob`
5. Open a pull request

_By: [Fire-The-Fox](https://github.com/Fire-The-Fox) and [xHyroM](https://github.com/xHyroM)_

Commit message:

docs: add license notification in readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="https://github.com/Hyro-Blobs/blobs/blob/main/base/hyro_blob-upscaled.png?raw=true" alt="hyro blob upscaled" width="256">
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Version of <a href="https://github.com/xHyroM" target="_blank">Hyro's</a> profile pictures, different hats or items in mouth.</h4>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/kFPKmEKeMS/" alt="Discord">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1046534628577640528?label=discord&style=for-the-badge&color=2fbfc4"/>
    </a>
</p>

## Setup

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/Hyro-Blobs/blobs.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd blobs`

## Contributing

To contribute to this project, please follow the [standard Git workflow](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Getting-a-Git-Repository#The-Standard-Git-Workflow).

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git checkout -b new-cool-blob`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am "Add new cool blob"`
4. Push the branch: `git push origin new-cool-blob`
5. Open a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the [MPL-2.0 License](LICENSE).

_By: [Fire-The-Fox](https://github.com/Fire-The-Fox) and [xHyroM](https://github.com/xHyroM)_
